python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-ar.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-ar.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-ar.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-ar.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-bg.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-bg.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-bg.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-bg.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-cs.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-cs.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-cs.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-cs.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-da.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-da.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-da.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-da.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-da.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-de.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-de.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-de.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-de.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-de.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-en.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-en.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-en.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-en.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-en.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-es.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-es.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-es.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-es.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-es.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-eu.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-eu.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-eu.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-eu.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-fa.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-fa.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-fa.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-fa.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-fi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-fi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-fi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-fi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-fr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-fr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-fr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-fr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-he.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-he.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-he.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-he.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-he.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-hi.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-hi.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-hi.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-hi.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-hr.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-hr.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-hr.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-hr.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-id.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-id.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-id.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-id.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-id.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-it.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-it.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-it.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-it.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-it.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-no.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-no.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-no.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-no.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-no.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-pl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-pl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-pl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-pl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-pt.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-pt.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-pt.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-pt.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-sl.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sv-sl.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sv-sl.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sv-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sv-sl.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/ar.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/ar-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/ar-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/ar-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/ar-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/bg.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/bg-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/bg-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/bg-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/bg-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/cs.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/cs-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/cs-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/cs-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/cs-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/da.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/da-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/da-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/da-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/da-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/de.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/de-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/de-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/de-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/de-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/en.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/en-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/en-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/en-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/en-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/es.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/es-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/es-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/es-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/es-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/eu.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/eu-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/eu-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/eu-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/eu-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fa.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fa-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fa-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fa-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fa-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fi-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fi-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fi-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fi-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/fr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/fr-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/fr-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/fr-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/fr-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/he.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/he-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/he-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/he-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/he-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hi.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hi-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hi-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hi-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hi-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/hr.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/hr-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/hr-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/hr-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/hr-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/id.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/id-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/id-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/id-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/id-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/it.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/it-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/it-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/it-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/it-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/no.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/no-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/no-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/no-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/no-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pl-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pl-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pl-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pl-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/pt.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/pt-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/pt-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/pt-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/pt-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.crf_sgd.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.crf_sgd.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-sv.bible.crf_sgd.proj.log
python /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/src/projection/project.py --source /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sl.bible.svm_mira.conll --target /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/conll/sv.bible.svm_mira.conll --word_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/walign/sl-sv.bible.wal --sentence_alignment /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/salign/sl-sv.bible.sal --norm_before identity --norm_after identity --trees --binary 1> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/projections/sl-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj 2> /home/zagic/nlpfromscratch/data/logs/sl-sv.bible.svm_mira.proj.log
